[Music]
all right so apple announced a few new
products but i'm gonna be talking about
two of them
that are of particular interest to me
air tags
and the new colorful imacs and of the
two the one that's most interesting to
me is actually the air tags because
these came out to be
a product that is quite different from
how i imagined them to be a tracking tag
from apple right so these are 29
they're just small tracking tags and
first of all the price 29 for one or a
hundred dollars for four pack and at
that price point
it's actually a little bit cheaper than
the kind of standard going rate
for a tracking device like this like the
ones from samsung a little bit more
expensive tile trackers are
similar maybe a little bit more
expensive i just did not expect apple to
deliver something
that was reasonably priced with a user
replaceable battery that lasts
a year in fact i thought this would be
like a 40 or maybe even 50
accessory from them but apple being
apple this
air tag if you look at it has no loop
or hole or any kind of mechanism on it
to be able to connect it
to your keys or whatever it is that
you're trying to track at least not
elegantly like unless you're using duct
tape to
stick it onto things so you have to buy
accessories
apple's really thought of everything
when it comes to making money now keep
in mind that in order to use precision
finding like the ability to track an
item extremely accurately you do need
one of the newer iphones like iphone 11
or 12 because the older stuff can only
connect with it through bluetooth and so
you get close like maybe
10 meters in terms of accuracy but if
you want the most precise
location tracking possible you do need
one of the newer iphones but
this is where things get cool the way
that this tracking mechanism works
is quite special so it connects
with the huge network of the millions of
iphones that are out there
to be able to locate stuff so as an
example let's say i have
a set of keys that had an air tag on it
if i lost those keys
like i said i left it on a park bench or
something a random person
walking by who has an iphone in their
pocket would be able to
connect with that lost set of keys and
be able to
send that location data to me all
anonymously and encrypted and securely
but
that is a huge network of tracking tools
without installing any kind of apps it's
actually
pretty neat now the other thing that
interests me is privacy
so when you look at a device like this a
tracking
tool like this it could be used
maliciously like let's say
someone took a tracking device and put
it into your backpack
or into your purse or like duct taped it
to the bottom of your car
so this type of scenario even though
it's not something that's going to
happen very often
it is something that obviously is of
concern right now you have these
tracking devices with
this incredible network that's capable
of locating it so accurately
people could use this in a malicious
manner so apple has this thing
where if an air tag has left the
proximity of its owner and it's
following me or keeping up with my
movements
it will notify me it'll send a signal to
my phone and iphone and it'll say
it'll tell me that this unknown air tag
doesn't belong to me is following me
he's keeping up with me
and i have the option of disabling it
like let's say it's i'm borrowing
something from a friend
i'm boring someone's car it's like hey
there's an error tag that's just been
following this whole time
yeah it's cool it's you know i'm aware
of that tracking mechanism
it's fine right but if it's not if it's
not someone that you've borrowed
something from or if it's an
unknown source now you know and you can
disable
that person's air tag so you can turn it
off so the tracking
ends that's pretty cool now if you don't
have an iphone
unless you have an android phone and
obviously you can't there's no like
find my app on android phones it will
emit
a signal it does this automatically
regardless of which phone you're using
but it'll
let out an audible signal just be like
i'm here it'll notify you that this
tracking device
is no longer within the vicinity of its
owner and
just to make you aware and i think that
is very very smart
it's just well thought out now another
thing is if you lose
an item let's say have a pair of keys
and i've have an air tag on it i've lost
it now right
if some other person finds an air tag
they can take their phone as long as an
nfc enabled device
an iphone or an android phone bring it
up to the device
it'll pop up a clickable link on the
phone so you can go to
a website and it'll show the serial
number of the error tag
as well as any information that you as
the owner have put
onto that site so if you've lost it you
can now activate you know i've lost it
and you can now put up some kind of
burner email or burner phone number or
some way for
a finder to contact you how cool is that
now i've actually found
a tile before i found a tile tracker
that a set of keys on it
this was like a couple years ago and i
was like what do i do i actually looked
it up right i have
tile i have a tile tracker with keys
looked it up
the only way that for me to be able to
connect with its
owner is that i had to install an app
like a tile
app and it would communicate with the
network now similar to
this kind of thing like a whole network
of users but there's just
it's so much more friction it's so much
more involved to be able to get
this thing that i found and get it back
to its original owner so this nfc
feature
feels so much more elegant so for 30 you
get a
pretty well featured tracking device if
that's your jam okay let's talk about
imacs these new
colorful imacs so the first thing i got
to address
is the aesthetics of it because this is
i mean that's
it seems to be the main point of this
whole device
how it looks so these have very colorful
bags and we're talking like
vibrant versions of each color and i
think they've pulled these six colors
from the original
six colors on the old school apple logo
so the green yellow orange
red purple blue but if you look at the
green it's
more teal like i love this color it's my
favorite color but i would have expected
a more
green like green considering the palette
that they pulled from but
i'm not going to complain that teal
looks awesome now on the front you have
the controversial
white bezel as well as a fairly sizable
chin and this whole front area is
covered in a single pane of glass so
that chin area isn't
the aluminum finish that we've had from
previous imacs it's also
a glass covered segment but this whole
design now that i've had a data process
it
i feel like it does exactly what it was
meant to do
like this isn't the product that's going
to go into render farms or go into like
hardcore work environments this is a
consumer product that is meant for
consumer environments right it's
supposed to look good it's supposed to
be
it's supposed to like match your living
space to match the decor and color of
the places that you're gonna be placing
it it's a very
aesthetic focused product that is meant
to be
iconic and memorable so that you can
you're gonna remember this you see it
you recognize exactly what it is like
how many other all-in-one devices have
white bezels you see this you know it's
the imac you know it's the new imac and
all the colors
it's exactly what it's meant to do it's
not going to please everybody right it's
not going to be this
super sleek professional thing that's
like stealth mode it's not it's not for
that it's meant to pop
in just the right way for people that
are into that kind of thing
and it's super thin 11.5 millimeters
like if you look at your phone it's
maybe
seven and a half eight millimeters it's
barely bigger than that it's
strangely thin for a computer of this
caliber the whole thing is clearly
focused on
aesthetics that's why they have the
color matched keyboard the color match
trackpad or the color match mouse and
even the power cable that connects to it
is color matched it's magnetically
attached very cool but color matched and
also
the lightning cable the thing that they
include in the box to charge the
keyboard or charge
the mouse is color matched to the device
i wouldn't be surprised now that i'm
thinking of it i wouldn't be surprised
if the stickers
that come in the box are also color
matched i don't know but that's my guess
that they match the color
of the device but in this pursuit of
aesthetic
glory there's one that kind of surprised
me is that the performance of these
m1 imacs is the same as their macbooks
and like the mac mini and normally
traditionally when it came to imacs they
would run
just more powerful chips they would run
desktop chips right the macbooks would
run
mobile versions of intel chips but the
imax would run
desktop versions because there's a
little bit more room in there and you
have it plugged up to a wall you don't
have to worry too much about power
consumption
or thermal constraints there's just
ability to do more when it comes to an
imac but in this case
it's the same now granted m1 performance
is
good right really good so it gets a pass
but it's just
strange that they didn't do anything
extra when it came to this
different kind of form factor they just
really focused on keeping it thin
and really nice to look at in regards to
the white bezels i think i'm in the
minority here but i think it does
it does what it's supposed to do right
it's supposed to look
a certain way it's supposed to be
memorable and iconic and recognizable
and it does all that with the white
bezels and personally i like it right i
obviously i like a lot of white colored
and silver
colored tech that's if you follow my
channel but i think
i think this was the right choice going
black would have been i don't think it
would have been the move for this
particular product because of the
target market that they're going for now
in terms of pricing so it starts at
12.99
and you pay a little bit more 200 bucks
it's actually pretty substantial you do
get
a couple things that are noteworthy so
you get touch id on the keyboard you get
an ethernet jack on the power supply you
also get two extra thunderbolt ports
as well as access to more color options
for the device but you also have
a slightly improved m1 chip so at the
base model 12.99 you get
a seven core gpu kind of like the
macbook air but if you pay that 200
premium you get the full 8 core gpu that
is like the full
m1 experience but that is the imac
i think it's a very colorful device and
think for the people that are into that
kind of thing they want that consumer
level
product i think it hits for a lot of
people i think it's gonna be pretty
popular
okay if i'm doing full reviews on this
stuff if you're
interested in it be subscribed okay hope
you guys enjoyed it thumbs if you liked
it subs if you loved it
see you guys next time
[Music]
you